## Client Meeting Minutes  

Date:12/02/2024  
Location: B62

Client: Sim√≥n Smith, C82e
Sponsor: Alex Gkanatsios, B69b

Attendees:

|Name|Role|In Person|Online|
|:--|:--|:--:|:--:|
|Malcolm Byrnes| PM | [x] | [ ] |
|Guy Cameron | Test Lead | [x] | [ ] |
|Zin Htun | Software Lead | [x] | [ ] |
|Nicole Jordaan | Scrum Master | [x] | [ ] |
|Aman Mishra | Hardware Lead | [x] | [ ] |
|Andrew Taison | PO | [x] | [ ] |

---  

#### Progress:  
(Since last meeting)  

* Finished and submitted PIR  
* Printing continues   
* Looked into fusion  
* Looked into URDF files  

---  

#### Agenda:  
(What was discussed)  

* Parts still not here - Simon has contacted the company, 7 missing motors which may not be delivered. But is happy that what should get delivered should be enough to build part of the robot and test. The parts the company have, should be here by next week  
* Research purpose of robot is 'Damage recovery'  
* Software update - no reply from git repo owner, can complete without. Looking into wireless version. Can compile code, but issue finding include files   
* Client has found contacts for rubber parts, but not sure what they can produce just yet - Simon will look into this further  
* Will be a delay on getting bolts for feet / legs  

---  

#### Decisions:  
(Project decisions made)  

* 

---  

#### Action Items:  
(Items to be completed, reponsible person and completion date if applicable)  

* Look into Robot Dart and Gazebo for URDF visuals as GYM does not show visual when working on URDF **@Andy**  
* Also look into how to use URDF with GYM **@Andy**  
* List printed parts and those to be adjusted/printed, send to Alex and Simon **@Malcom**  
* Can we connect to TFT? Test if we can communcate with boards **@Damian & @Nicole**   
* Issue with include files may be solvled by adding path to make file. Check paths are availiable inside of docker container **@ & @Nicole**  
* Look into modifying feet/leg files so can be printed as a single part **@Guy & @Aman**  
* Measure boards and modify printed part files as required **@Guy**  

---  

#### Next Meeting:
(When and where)  

* Monday 19th February - B62 and online  