## Client Meeting Minutes  

Date: 30/01/2023  
Location: B62

Client: Simon Smith, C82e
Sponsor: Alex Gkanatsios, B69b

Attendees:

|Name|Role|In Person|Online|
|:--|:--|:--:|:--:|
|Malcolm Byrnes| PM | [ ] | [x] |
|Guy Cameron | Test Lead | [ ] | [ ] |
|Zin Htun | Software Lead | [x] | [ ] |
|Nicole Jordaan | Scrum Master | [x] | [ ] |
|Aman Mishra | Hardware Lead | [ ] | [ ] |
|Andrew Taison | PO | [x] | [ ] |

---  

#### Progress:  
(Since last meeting)  

* Access has been given to lab  
* Github has been setup  
* Zube has been setup  
* Started initiation report  

---  

#### Agenda:  
(What was discussed)  

* Confirmed details for initiation report  
* All printed parts should be completed by mid/late next week  
* All ordered parts should be arriving by next week - still waiting on Motors, cable and power board    
* URDF file requires XML format for dimentions from SDL file  

---  

#### Decisions:  
(Project decisions made)  

* MoSCow decided upon - see PIR  
* Sensor data to include joint positions (rotation angle) - should have access via IMU board  
* ROS topic to output sensor data (Could have item)  

---  

#### Action Items:  
(Items to be completed, reponsible person and completion date if applicable)  

* Research how to connect boards - should be able to find documentation online - **@Aman**  
* Need to find solution to assemble feet as parts are not rubber  
* Some parts are completed printing, ready to sand - **@Andrew**  
* PIR report to be completed and then signed off by client  
* Continue setup for ROS and Docker - **@Zin**  
* Should about be in a position to look at modifying case  

---  

#### Next Meeting:
(When and where)  

* Tuesday 6th February - B62 and online  